Add documentation for `@subscriptionsAuthorization` (#165)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/security/authorization.adoc

In the case of explicit authentication, configured using the `@authentication` directive, it is only ever evaluated during Cypher translation time.
Unauthenticated requests with queries requiring authentication never reach the database.

[WARNING]
====

> The `@authorization` directive does apply to subscriptions, it only applies to queries and mutations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@authorization` directive does not apply to subscriptions, it only applies to queries and mutations.
```

> You should configure authorization for subscriptions using xref::/security/subscriptions-authorization.adoc[`@subscriptionsAuthorization`] if you intend to use subscriptions in your API and want the events protected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead, use xref::/security/subscriptions-authorization.adoc[`@subscriptionsAuthorization`] to configure the authorization for subscriptions if you intend to use subscriptions in your API and want the events protected.
```

my attempt to use imperative over "should" :)
